On my opinion, Elementor is very flexible builder built by developers for developers.
Easy to use and it is relatively fast. Good documentation, extremely simple to add new widgets using OOP interface
Many good features like custom queries, ability to add your own custom controls and many more.
There are some downsides as well, I don't know if it was already fixed, but when I was working with this builder last time,
the "backend" widgets controls actually been working on the frontend as well. For example, if you have a simple select control with
posts in your custom widget, you MUST load those posts via AJAX pagination, otherwise Elementor will grab all posts from DB not only
while editing the page, but also each time when user open the page.
Additionally, to create a custom widget, you need to extend Base_Widget elementor class so, Elementor can register and use your widget.
The problem here is that this is happening relatively late, so if your widget should check some value on 'init' or 'wp' hook,
you cannot do this by just adding a handler for this hook in your widget __construct(), because it will be called after those hooks.

Last time when I was working with DIVI it was much worse than Elementor. Much slower, less friendly to developer in many ways.
The process of creating custom widgets is more complex, because you need to use ReactJS for that, which means setup build process, etc.
And overall, DIVI just much heavier than Elementor, I don't know if they still using shortcods in a core of the builder, if so,
it makes the page loading process much slower than Elementor, because elementor jus using a simple JSON object where all widgets are stored.
I also remember a time, when I was needed to clean a local storage each time when I made some changes in my custom DIVI widget,
just to see those widgets.
As for good sides, DIVI works better out of the box, you don't need to go through typography, colors, grid setup.
Everything is setuped by default and, out of the box, looks much better than Elementor